Add OpenTicket backup instructions to update procedure (#3838)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.10/update/update-centreon-platform.md

- central server,
- database server.

> If you use OpenTicket with custom configurations, you should make a backup before updating Centreon:

Author: ```suggestion
If you use Open Ticket with custom configurations, you should make a backup before updating Centreon:
```
